1. Mbd Neopolis Mall
The MBD Neopolis mall is one of the top shopping malls in Jalandhar. It houses many international and high-end clothing stores, fantastic food courts and restaurants. It also has a four-screen multiplex PVR which is mostly crowded with movie buffs, families and couples. The mall also hosts many exciting events every other month for commercial promotions etc.
Highlights: High-end Brands, Events and shows
Address: MBD NEOPOLIS, BMC Chowk, Adjacent to Radisson Hotel, Jalandhar, Punjab
Open : 10:00 AM – 9 PM
Contact : 0181 430 5000

2. Centrum Jyoti Mall
One of the most popular shopping malls in Jalandhar, the six storeyed Centrum Jyoti Mall houses many high-end international clothing stores, boutiques, the entertainment zone and a play zone for kids. The mall has a pub, a club, a wedding hall, fashion jewellery stores and a rooftop food court. It can be called the ultimate location to have a fun-filled and entertaining zone.
Highlights: Entertainment Zone and Play Zone for Kids
Address: Centrum Jyoti Mall, Jyoti Chowk Nakodar Road, Jalandhar
Open: 7:00 AM – 11:00 PM
Phone: 0181 433 0999

3. Curo High Street Mall, Jalandhar
Another major shopping destination in Jalandhar, Curo High Street mall is popular amongst the residents of Jalandhar as a hangout place. Designed in the European style, the mall has a decent number of international clothing stores along with a famous cinema hall. There are fantastic food courts and fun zones here which make it the best place to spend an evening with friends and family.
Highlights: European Style Architecture
Address: Curo High Street, 66 Feet Road, Mithapur Road IsharPuri Colony, Jalandhar.
Open: 10:30 AM–9:30 PM
Contact: 0181 268 1234

4. Viva Collage Mall
Viva Collage Mall of Jalandhar is a three-storey mall spread over an area over 3 acres. It is the first and only mall in Jalandhar with a five-screen multiplex. The mall has a vivid range of international clothing brands' stores, electronics and appliances stores, home decor stores, multi-cuisine food court, all that under a free wifi zone. The parking space is enormous, so it's a comfortable visit here when it comes to parking. Since it is located on Phagwara highway, Viva Mall attracts a lot of shoppers from nearby cities like Nawanshahr, Banga, Nakodar and Kartarpur.
Highlights: Wide range of brands. Attractive location
Address: Viva Collage Mall, Jalandhar – Phagwara Highway NH1
Open: 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM
Contact: 0181-4696969

5. Dlf Galleria Mall
DLF Galleria mall in Jalandhar is a famous mall with an attractive curved glass facade design. It's a renowned hangout zone for the city's youngsters and fashionistas. The mall is exquisitely designed, featuring international brand stores, food courts, a multiplex, kids play area and entertainment zone. The food court here serves everything right from pizzas, burgers to gourmet ice creams. 
 Address: DLF Galleria, Plot No 670, Opposite Lal Ratan Cinema Near Nakodar Chowk, Jalandhar. 
Timings: 9:00 AM - 10:00 PM

6. Vasal Mall
With numerous branded apparel and clothing stores, famous restaurants and cafes, entertainment options like a movie theatre and play zone, Vasal Mall is a perfect leisure destination in Jalandhar. Apart from branded clothing stores, the mall also has a big bazaar, which is a popular Indian retail chain of supermarkets.
Address: Police Lines Road, Opposite Hotel President, Jalandhar City, Jalandhar.
Timings: 9:00 AM - 9:30 PM